fixed to_pandas expand_properties (#1586)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [7.13.5] - 2024-01-13
### Fixed

> * When calling `to_pandas` with `expand_properties=True` on an instance with no properties, the SDK will ignore the properties and return a dataframe with the other instance data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When calling `to_pandas` with `expand_properties=True` on an instance or instance list with no properties, the SDK will no longer raise XXX error, but drop the empty properties row/column.
```
